{
    "token": "

eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6MSwidXNlcm5hbWUiOiJhZG1pbiIsInJvbGUiOiJBRE1JTiIsImlhdCI6MTc2NDQ1NzU0MCwiZXhwIjoxNzY0NTAwNzQwfQ.F5l0Uopjj0Sz2vL2wTxR47hUr_xSNvNwV0U5MIcRv_o

",
    "username": "admin",
    "role": "ADMIN"
}

-ethereum -metamask -wallet -ethers

First:
<server.js terminal 1>
[CONTROL] Taken by User: admin
[UDP] Sent Override: TAKE
</server.js terminal 1>

<main controller monitor 1
09:34:32.114 -> [REMOTE] Control TAKEN by Web App
</main controller monitor 1>


Then:
<server.js terminal 2>
[CONTROL] Released to CABANE
[UDP] Sent Override: RELEASE
[SYNC] Main is in Override. Pi assuming SERVER Control.
</server.js terminal 2>

<main controller monitor 2>
09:34:55.689 -> [REMOTE] Web App released (Pending Manual Reclaim)
</main controller monitor 2>

-------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------


Done

Logging

√ Delete User

√ Users pending for more than 3hrs get deleted automatically.

√ Can we make the username case insensitive?

√ Can we have the option to see the password.

√ a user should be able to change their email and password

√ We need to setup the Pi Server to start the server.js automatically on boot.

√ boot automatically with watchdog

√ Admin can grant a user to be able to take control or not.

√ Changes in the switching should be logged on the server with the controlling user / device

√ Grant or deny user access to logs.

√ Add a clock

√ We should have the user of the logged in account displayed somewhere.

√ Give a way to search and sort the logs

√ Allow export logs to expert .csv

√ Search logs should be more like a filter for each column. If you click on filter button an input field appears above each column to insert a filter condition (e.g. > 12/3/25 (calendar or input field )| System ( dropbox menu ) | Type Dropbox

√ I feel like the username should be placed between the "Take Control" button and the "logout" button.

√ The Clock should be bigger.

√ Can we have the log window updating live?

√ In admin panel, add a way to set the time zone.

√ The user settings should be accessible by clicking on the username just left of the logout instead of the gear icon.

√ in the LogViewer, for the date, can we add the option to select a specific date / range of dates / later or earlier than a specific date.

√ The LogViewer isn't updating as fast as the switches on the interface. Is there a way to make it as responsive as the interface?

√ Since the user settings is now accessible via the username button, we don't need the gear icon anymore.

√ In the LogViewer, for the date, we are missing the "range" (from [date] to [date]

√ In the AdminPanel, the system settings' layout is not configured properly. Also, clicking the Save configuration should dismiss the panel. 

√ Is the Pi Server adjusting its clock to the internet time? -> Yes

√ You did not respond to the "I changed the time zone, but the clock did not update.". Can we have a more extensive list of timezones. It must include "Montréal, QC (EST)", "Drummondville, QC (EST)" and "Sainte-Brigitte-des-Saults, QC (EST)"

√ For the logviewer. I need a reset button to reset all filters. I also need the sort by timestamp Ascending or Descending button we used to have.

√ Also, we should have a user settings for the clock to display 24hrs or 12hrs.

√ Clicking outside a pop-up panel should dismiss the panel.

√ Can we fetch on the internet the temperature of a set location by the admin?

√ Can we add the option to display Celsius or Farenheight

√ Display the Pi Server disk usage in admin panel

√ With the clock, We can remove the seconds and the timezone please. We need to save space. Also, the 

√ Any search input field should respond to the key "enter"

√ With the Clock display, Can we make the AM/PM small and closer to the time.

√ The temperature "FEELS" and Location can be stacked on different lines.

√ We should stack the themperature above the Feels and Location stack and center them all together.

√ The reminder chirp is not working well anymore. Can you look into it? The first chirp should happen as soon as the buzzer switch is off and alarms stop. Let me know if you want to see my code.

√ In the Header, the Master should point to the name of the user instead of showing "USER". If no user has control, but the server still has control it should display "Master: Server". If the Main Controller has control, it should keeps displaying "MASTER: CABANE".

√ A user who has control granted can only control if it has control. As it is right now, which is not what is wanted, if any user or the server has control, all user can control.

√ Main Controller cannot take control back when pressing 2 buttons. It can Only takes control when a user releases to cabane from the app. It appears we have broken this logic when we were having issues with the "Take Control" button, meanwhile the issue was simply the route was corrupted. Here's the logic for the Main Controller taking control:
	- The Main Controller button index 0 and 1 pressed for 2 seconds.
	- Main Controller reboots or simply goes offline and becomes online again.

The Main Controller did not change anything in its sketch, so the issue is on the app side.

√ When the Main Controller becomes online again, it should regain control automatically disregard of who has control at the moment or who had control when the Main Controller lost control.

√ When a user has control and releases control to the Main Controller, If the Main Controller is offline, the control should automatically go to the Server. Right now, the control is released to the Main Controller even if it is not online.

√ There should be an option in the user settings to display the status of the Main Controller on the main page.


√ for the Weather component:
	- Does it update the temperature automatically?
	- Can we have one location or a rotation of multiple locations?

√ Can we have in the setting the enabling/disabling of stations, like the Main Controller has?

√ Can we make the weather component update every minute? Or have a setting to set the update frequency?

√ Let's add Wind Speed and Precipitation to the weather component.

√ Let's implement the messaging system
	- Messages should pop-up on the screen in a Message Panel.
	- User setting
		- dismiss messages after x minutes

√ Clicking outside of the Chat Panel should dismiss it.

√ We should assign different colors for each of the users to differenciate them.

√ Where could we put the list of users indicating which ones are online and the one offline.

√ The current user's messages should be displayed aligned to the right and others should be aligned the left as they are. 

√ This was a nice implementation of the "General Chat". Can we now add private chats and group chats?

√ The global Tab seems to be disconnected from the messages we already had in the messages table.

√ In Groups tab, Each group should display the name of its members. In the Group list. Once in the group, there should be a truncated list of the members below the group name, which fully expands if clicked on it.

√ When sending a new message, the message appears higher in the thread at first, then moves to the correct place. Can we have the new message being displayed at the proper place in the thread right away?

√ In the Group chat window, there should be a truncated list of the members below the name of the group. When clicking on the truncated list, it expands fully.

√ I notices when a user takes control, another user cannot control the switches which is great, but the StationCard background becomes light colored like if it had control. Can we keep it dark if the user doesn't have control? The only time the StationCard gets the light background is when the current user has control.

√ A user should have the option to delete a message they sent. Not other users messages.

√ The date should be displayed with the timestamp of the message unless the date is today. If it's yesterday, it should display yesterday, otherwise the date.

√ A user should have the option to remove themselves from a group. When the group is empty, the group gets deleted, but the messages remain.

√ I'm still getting stubborn badges that should not be present on the message icon on the main page. Could it be due to some elements that should be flushed?

√ Clicking on an "Urgent Message" dismisses it's urgency and the message return to a normal color.

√ Set weather to update once per update frequency to avoid 429 (too many requests)

√ When a user acknowledge a flash message in FlashViewer, the system behaves the same as if the user had seen it in the thread and dismisses it as being unseen.

√ For the messaging system. I want to add an optional feature, where when selected, the message sent will be displayed in a separate very obvious and impossible to miss pop-up window in the center of the screen taking about 60% -75% of the screen. This window will replace or use the "Urgent" feature, but replace the "Rappel" banner.
	- If a user sends a message with this option. The receiver will receive the message in the thread, but the Pop-up Window will appear displaying the message. When dismissed the message remains in the chat thread ( Global or private ).
	- This Pop-up window will also be used if a user clicks on a message. The message will open and be displayed in this pop-up.
	- Another way to use this pop-up is with the notes:
		- If a user creates a note with this option selected the note will appear in this Pop-up automatically.
		- When a user clicks on a note, The pop-up appears and the note is displayed in it.

	√ When such a pop-up window appears on a user interface, it remains there until dismissed, even if the user logs out. When logging in again the pop-up show up again until dismissed.

	√ When multiple pop-ups occur, they are stacked on top of each other and dismissed one at a time. The newer message on the top. There should be a way to scroll through multiple pop-ups without dismissing them.

	√ This window should be dismissible by either clicking on a dismiss button or click outside of the window.

	√ If the message is too long to display within the size of the pop-up window, the user can scroll. Swiping will only affect the pop-up if the mouse cursor is over the window. If the mouse cursor off of the window, the swiping scrolls the main window or the MessageDrawer, which ever the mouse cursor is over

	√ What could we call this optional feature?

√ I like the way all Flash Message" are added in the same window with arrow browsing. Can we make it that each of the "Flash Message" need to be "Acknowledged" separately and independently from each other. We can use the same button, but each message need to have its page's "acknowledge" button clicked.

√ in the FlashViewer of the recipient, can we have a list or who the Falsh Message was sent to (e.g. Global, Group 1, User 1)

√ A new message appears at the wrong place in the thread of a receiver at first. The receiver should also have a new message appear at the bottom of its thread automatically before the timestamp is calculated and the message is placed in the corned timestamp order.

√ when a new message gets added, is there a way to make if obvious to the user there are more message if you scroll down? Or should we simple get the thread window to scroll to the last message automatically when they come in?

√ The urgent message dismissal should only happen on the current user. Any other user which did not dismiss the "Urgent" should still see the message as "Urgent"

√ Let's add a badge to the envelope icon when there are new messages with the number of new messages. ( think iOS )

√ When new messages are present and the user clicks to open the MessageDrawer, a badge with the number of new messages are on the "Chat" tab if new messages in general chat. If new messages are in Users or Groups, a badge is display on these, the same.

√ Trying to fix the "thrashing" / race condition when new message is send and being displayed on the sender's thread.

√ Implementing the "Optimistic UI with Stable Keys" for sending messages.

√ Do not force New Messages" button to appear (setShowScrollButton(true)) when the length of the messages is smaller than the thread window.

√ Message Unseen Badges: When a message is unseen, the message icon on the main page displays the correct number of "unseen messages". In the header of the MessageDrawer, Each tab should display if the user have unseen messages in them. It used to work, but currently no badges on the MessageDrawer tab are working.

√ Flash Messages -> Logic.
√ When a user acknowledges a FlashMessage, the message should be downgraded in the thread as acknowledgement. As it is, the user needs to get out and back in the message thread for the downgrade to happen.

√ a sender of a flash message should be able to downgrade their message. When this happens, it should update the recipients by closing their FlashViewer and downgrading the message in there chat.

√ for messaging and notes, SHIFT + RETURN give a new line.

√ When in a group and clicking on "group" tab, the user should go back to the Group list.

√ When writing a message and selecting "Flash Message" this should not take the "focus" away from the text input box and pressing return should send the message the same as if we select the input box again after clicking on the "Flash Message" button.

√ the creator (admin) of a group should be able to rename the groups. When this happens, A FlashView memo should appear in all the members window to be acknowledged.

√ the creator (admin) of a group should be able add or remove members of a group quietly or with a FlashView Memo ( to the group ( publicly ) or just the member being added / removed ( Privately )

√ Group names should be constraint to unique per users (e.g.: if there is an existing group named "Maple" with users "A" and "B", user "C" cannot name a new group with user "A" and/or user "B", but user "C" can create a new group named "Maple" with user "D". If a user tried to create a group with a name constraint, the user gets prompt the name is already taken. 

√ Clicking on the Users tab gives me a blank screen

√ When created a new Group, the message auto generated 'Group "test7" created by hugo' should be sent at "Flash Message".

√ in the header of a group message, a list of the members should be listed under the name of the group in an expandable truncated label.

√ the admin of a group can delete a group and/or move its "admin status" to another member.

√ When adding a user and sending a public Flash Message, the name of the user being added or removed should be indicated.

√ Changes in groups should reflect live in each of the group in the groups table

√ When a user has been removed from a group, they should not get the badge notification when a new group message is sent.

√ the badges for new unseen message for a group should be displayed in red and not blue on the specific group in the Groups tab.

√ Only the administrator of a group can access the administration part ( the gear icon in of the group )

√ When a user get's removed from a group, since they are not receiving the group messages and need to be notified when "Public" is selected, in addition to send the notification to the Group, the removed user should be notified in a DM.

√ let's make the default modification the default notifyType in the group admin to a usersetting.

√ Storage usage displays "Unknows" can you tell me why?

√ When the Main Controller is offline, the Button "Release to Cabane" should become hidden. If for some reason the user succeeds releasing to cabane even if the Main Controller is offline, Control should automatically revert to "System_Failsafe" ( Server ), as if the Main Controller were to get disconnected from the network.

√ When the Main Controller has control and the vacuum switch is OFF, but then the Thermostat overrides it to ON, the vacuum switch started flickering between ON and OFF. Not sure, but I think it's because since the switch was OFF and the thermostat telling the switch to be on, there was an alternating change of what to listen to. Can you evaluate the code and make. Can you figure out the source of this problem please.

√ is there a way for me to ssh into the server fro a remote location?

√ When a station become offline, The UI should retain the last state of that station switches until it reconnects

√ make login expiresIn a user setting with default 60 days.

√ Can we make all native browser alerts a centered pop-up more of the same theme as the app. It is disorienting and bad UX to have those native browser alerts.

√ Can we make the wind direction of a more evident icon? this icon is a bit difficult to discern.

√ in the Weather pop-up modal, the snowflakes icon is very dark and we can barely see it . Is the

√ for the weather pop-up modal, the 'pause feature' resumes to rotating after the rotating frequency time has passed. It's like it's not paused. Can we make it so it really pauses and then resume when clicking the pop-up modal again, outside the arrows.

√ we should add a "save settings" button for the user settings panel like we have for the Admin Panel

√ In AdminPanel, in the weather locations list, there should be a check box to enable/disable rotating to the location without having to delete it.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather there should be a separate setting for the frequency of updating the forecast data added to the Current Weather update freq (min).

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather, close to the API key, there should be a place to enter the API allocation ( free plan is 60 calls per minute and or 1,000,000 calls per month.

√ Did we address the calculation of allocation of API call with the "Update Frequency" settings? We are allocated 60 calls per minute and/or 1,000,000 apiece call per month.This calculation would stop refrain the user to set the update frequency of the calls in the adminpanel to avoid going over the api call allowance and leave a small buffer.

√ In AdminPanel, the check boxes for the location rotation are now present, but when unchecked, the rotation still rotate them. Actually can we make these toggles? They look better.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather, close to the API key, Still missing the total per month. The max per minute is 60, but then the max per month is 1 million.

√ the modal "User preferences saved successfully" after saving user settings is not necessary. We can remove it.

√ After saving the Admin setting , is the "Success - Settings saved. Reloading..." Pop-up modal necessary? If not, let's remove it. It is annoying and doesn't bring anything to the UX.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather locations, we can remove the Master Rotation Toggle. If needing only one location the user can disable all but one.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather locations, if we there is only one location enabled, we should gray out the toggle to avoid having no locations. When the admin disable all the locations, we get a blank page.

√ UserSettings doesn't seem to have the "profile section anymore where the user can change it's username and email address

√ In UserSettings, we should have a toggle to enable / disable the weather all together. When disabled, the weather widget isn't displayed and the Weather modal is also disabled.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather locations, instead of disabling the toggle for location when there is only one enabled, if we disable it, this would remove the weather app from the Main page and stop the API calls. The same happens if we delete all the locations. The main page wouldn't have the weather widget and or accessibility to the Weather modal.

√ in UserSettings, we should have the Profile and Security on a separate tab.

√ In AdminPanel, for the weather locations, when toggling the last remaining location, I get the blank page.

√ in UserSettings, clicking on the "LOGS" tab gives me the blank page. Same with Admin > System Settings. Also, the ADMIN > USERS doesn't display the users.

√ We need to move access to the AdminPanel as well as the Log in the UserSettings instead of in separate icons on the main page. A simple user would not have access to the AdminPanel tab and that tab would be hidden. Same with the log for the users without log access.

√ The log export, filter and search are not in the log window anymore.

√ "LOGS" tab in the Admin Panel, when the admin revokes the "Control" permission for a user, the "Take Control" button on that user should become hidden instantly.

√ the Admin. User account should be able to transfer the admin to another user. Like we did with the Group messaging.

√ in a StationCard, the switches should be aligned vertically together and the labels aligned together vertically separately from the switches. We had that previously, but then was removed somehow.

√ Can we have a FlashViewer message send the the user getting the Admin Role when it is transferred?

√ When the cursor overs over the MessageDrawer or a pop-up modal, the background ( main page ) should not scroll while swiping up and down. only when the cursor is off of the MessageDrawer or the pop-up modal, the main page scrolls... when either are showing.

√ the input textfield in the creation of the note should respond to "Return", same as clicking the "Create" button

√ When creating a new note, the FlashViewer should appear automatically in edit mode, with cursor ready to type.

√ When finishing editing by clicking on the Green Check, the FlashViewer should dismiss.

√ When sharing the link, we should have a modal centered, not a Native Browser Alert. There should be a dropdown list of user and groups on which the "sharer" can select the users they want to share with. There should also be an option to share with "Flash Memo" enabled. This modal should have its "share" button turn into a green checkmark when successfully sent instead of the "Success - shared with x" pop-up.

√ The Flash Memo should have similar flow as the sharing.

√ The Flash Memo modal on the receiver should not have "System Alert". The Flash Memo should be like opening the note regularly, but with a yellow pulling outline instead of solid blue.

√ Notes should be different than a simple message.
	√ The note window should be like a folder with a list of note titles with their date of last modification and user who created it.
	√ Notes are personal to user, but can be shared to selected users. The user the note is shared with has the note with the name of the user who created it.	
	√ When clicking on a note, it displays the full content of the note in the FlashViewer ( It should already do that. ) 
	√ A user can open one of their note onto another user as a type of memo reminder. This is acting like sending a "FlashMessage" but instead of just being a message that will be lost in the thread, The user can re-use the same note over and over as a recurring reminder or else. If the user receiver of the note FlashViewer already has the note, they still receive the FlashView pop-up modal
	√ The note list can be searched for the titles and body.
	√ a note can be copied and deleted. If a user copy a shared note from another user, this new copy belongs to the copier, but with a note mentioning it has been copied from user "x"

√ A creator of a note, when opening the note should not see "FROM: SYSTEM" in the header. The FROM is not displayed. The From mis displayed only to another user the note is shared with and is labeled "Shared by", not "FROM".

√ Clicking outside the note should dismiss it.

√ the search bar of the notes should have an "x" to clear the input textfield.

√ the header of a note should the timestamp of the creation and last edit next to the "shared by".

√ The "History" in the Note modal is behind the body layer. The History should also be displayed on the regular note, not just on the Flash Memo.

√ Let's make some changes to the Note and Flash Memo.
	√ Let's make the "Share by" a dropdown replacing the "History" dropdown. The content of the History should now be in the "Shared by" dropdown.
	√ if the note is shared by the note creator, it can only be "Shared by" no matter how many times the creator shares it. Only other users can "Re-Share"
	√ "Shared by" should not be displayed for the creator.
	√ To the right of the "Shared by" or "Re-shared by" should be a "Shared with ↓" dropdown of the list of active users. If a user deletes the note from their Notes list, they get removed from the Shared with.
	√ To the right of the "Shared with" should be the edited date as a dropdown showing the created date.

√ Let's make more changes to the Note and Flash Memo.
	√ The "Shared by" dropdown list is not updated immediately to other users as it should. Currently the user needs to reload the page to see this list updated.
	√ I have changed my mind. The creator of the note should also have the "Shared by" same as other users.

√ the edited should have a timestamp with hh:mm and its dropdown should be updated instantly like the other dropdown as well as dismissed when clicked outside of it.

√ A note can be re-shared by users other than the creator in the same way the note creator can share it. The other users should have the share and flash memo icons on the note created by others to be able to re-share.

√ the dropdown list for the Shared with should have a more suitable title than "Chain of Custody". The note remains owned by the creator. The "shared with" user only re-share, so "share History" might be a better title.

√ In the Note View, when a dropdown list is expanded ("Shared by", "Shared with" and timestamp ) , clicking outside of that dropdown should dismiss the dropdown. This was requested before and not fixed.

√ In the Note View ( FlashViewer ), We should also have a button to Flash Memo or simply share it directly from the Note. If the creator, share. Any other user, re-share

√ the "Flash Memo" ( in the FlashViewer ) should be showing exactly as the note when opening it from the NOTES tab, but with the "Acknowledge" button and its outline yellow.

√ The Flash Memo should have the "Shared with" dropdown to the right of the "Shared by" or "Re-Shared by", like the normal Note.

√ In the Note view, the "Shared by" or "Re-shared by" should lead the line ( be displayed to the right ) the order should be 1. Shared by, 2. Edited, 3. Created. The created and edited should be smaller and not as obvious as the "Shared by" or "Re-shared by"

√ When a creator of a note opens the note, the note should open in edit mode automatically if they have permission to edit.

√ In the note's header, the user should have the option to share or re-share.

√ in the Note View, can we replace the "lightning" icon with the "share" icon. That would be better I think.

√ if a note is "Shared with 0" the "Shared by" should be hidden.

√ A creator of a note who shared a note can revoke the sharing with selected users?

√ I would change the title of the "Shared With" dropdown to something more like "Currently shared with"

√ in the "Send Flash Memo modal, the label "Urgent Flash Memo" should just be "Flash Memo" and the explanation below should be more like "Display the note on user's screen".

√ when creating a new note or editing an existing one, selecting the share / flash memo and sending the message as such should save the note first and send/share the updated version.

√ A user setting should enable/disable flash memo sound notifications. Can you explain what how the sound notification for the flash memo functions?

√ The "Share Note" or "Send Flash Memo" "Select User" dropdown should have the option for selecting Global ( all users ) and Groups.

√ This list to select who to share the note or send flash memo to should have its items selectable, so the sender can select multiple users a once.

√ In The Flash Memo's header, the "Edited" part can be replaced by "Shared" and a timestamp representing the time the Flash Memo was sent, instead of the current time.

√ I feel like the Message icon would be better on the right of the "Take Control" button on the main page. What do you think?

√ The "Share Note" modal's green arrow should appear only after confirmation the not has been shared, just before dismissing the modal. Not triggered by clicking on the button, but by confirmation the note has been shared..

√ The user should be able to re-share or Flash memo directly from theFlash Memo, like with the NoteViewer. So there should be a share icon in the header.

---

√ On the Login page, in iOS, the input boxe for the password text input offers to "Use Strong Password" This would be fine in the "Create an Account" page, not the login. The login page should offer to use a saved password.

√ Add a screen lock with auto-lock after x minutes. The Buzzer should always be accessible, but when clicking anywhere else on the app, a centered modal prompts the user to unlock. A user setting should set unlock with or without credentials.

√ In the forecast, can we add the "Snow volume for past 3 hours" and "Rain volume for past 3 hours"

√ Why is there a "ST5 Never Connected" in the Header?

√ the login page needs the "eye" on the password to be able to view it.

√ Can we review the "Take Control" and who is controlling feature. Can we make sure of the following:
	√ When Main Controller ( Cabane ) is OFFLINE, it is impossible for it to be the controlling device.
	√ When Main Controller ( Cabane ) is OFFLINE, releasing control to Cabane when it is obvious Cabane is OFFLINE, the control is released to the Server.
	√ When Main Controller ( Cabane ) becomes OFFLINE, Control releases automatically to the Server ( no one is really controlling, but the Server keeps the status )
	√ When Main Controller ( Cabane ) becomes ONLINE, either by reconnecting its ethernet cable or rebooting, the control gets release by default to the Main Controller ( Cabane ).
	√ When a user takes control:
		√ If Cabane is OFFLINE, the Release button is hidden and the user doesn't have access to releasing control to Cabane ( Main Controller )
		√ If Cabane is OFFLINE and for some reason, the user manage to release control to Cabane even if the Release button is hidden, when it is obvious Cabane is OFFLINE, the control is released to the Server.
		√ If Cabane is ONLINE, the "Release" button releases control to Cabane.
		√ the "Hold" Button releases control to the Server. ( Currently "hold" button isn't doing anything, tho it was working previously. )
		√ If another user takes control, control gets release to that user.
		
	√ When the Server has control, no device really has control, the server cannot do much other than keeping the status of the switches and feedbacks.

	√ In "Lock Screen", if the user has control, the buzzer switch is accessible to toggle as normal. If the user doesn't have control, the buzzer is like the other StationCard locked behind the Lock Screen.

√ when in locked screen and not controlling, the buzzer switch should behave the same as when the Lock Screen is not on and the user doesn't have control. As it is right now, when the Lock Screen is active and the user doesn't have access, the buzzer toggle can be switches with console error: "POST http://192.168.1.200:3000/api/control/toggle 403 (Forbidden)"

√ the alert and alarm banners are below the header of App.jsx. We need to bring them on top.

√ AdminPanel -> Timezone setting is not working. If I try to change the timezone, nothing seems to happen after I save. When re-opening, UTC is back as default. The timezone is set to EST and doesn't change from that, which is what we want anyway.

√ When a user have control, the buttons to release should say "Server" and "Cabane", maybe with an icon to indicate to release control. Or a bracket above both with the mention "Release to" or something similar.

√ The background opacity and blurriness of all modals should all be the same at the exception of MessageDrawer ( Which background is much clearer as we may spend more time on it than the others ). Let's adjust all the modals background blurriness and opacity to be the same, which should be barely opaque and barely blurry including the WeatherModal, UserSettings, FlashViewer

√ Station Controller
	√ The Display needs to be fixed:
		√ Normal should be only the number to last digit ( the right most ) representing the station number it is set to. The rest should be off
		√ When scrolling the station numbers, only the first number to the left should display the numbers being scrolled, the rest should be off.

√ Main Controller - let's make the indicator for the Main Controller no having control to be only the 2 thermostat ledPairs blinking green. Leave the buzzer behaving normally. We need to know when there is an alarm.

√ Main Controller:
	√ Can you have a define setting to enable/disable the burglar alarm
	√ If ST2 is disabled, the burglar alarm on ST2 should be disabled as well. Same for ST3
	√ If the Server has control and the server becomes OFFLINE, the Main Controller should regain control automatically.

√ The Station Controller should display "link" if it is not connected to the network. If it is connected to the network, but the station is disabled on the controlling device ( Main Controller, Server ,User ) it should blink "err x", x being the station number (e.g. "err3")

√ When Station ST2 or ST3 are enabled and the burglar alarm is triggered, we should find a way to indicate it on the Main Controller. Could be the station ledPairs blinking red, or set a chasing lights on the station ledPairs. Let me know what you think or if you have other suggestions on this. We should also have an alarm displayed on the app.

√ Lock Screen - When in Lock Screen, the buzzer should sit just above the Lock Screen layer and under the modals.

√ The way the app should read the alarm and Reminder is by reading the state of the switches, not waiting for the Main Controller to tell it when to sound. 

√ Concerning the Burglar feature, We need to make it assignable to ST2 or ST3 or none. How should we accomplish that in the simplest way?

√ The Alarm Banner when vacuum loss, need to be triggered when the condition becomes true and when dismissed, stays dismissed until the condition becomes false and then true again. Currently, it seems like the banner keep reappearing as long as the condition is true which makes it impossible to dismiss. Also we need to keep the auto dismiss when the alert / alarm / reminder condition becomes false. This was working great before and it seems like it got "corrupted" at some point.

√ On the Main Controller, whenever the burglar alarm is enabled, when the alarm is triggered, the ledPairs of the station should blink RED only, Currently they are blinking GREEN/RED. Let's fix that.

√ The Alarm banner is being dismissed properly. Thank you. Now we should do the same for the Rappel blue banner.

√ Is there a the burglar alarm notification on the app?

√ The alert and rappel banners's "x" buttons are not all the way to the right. Also, these banners should get dismissible by clicking anywhere on it.

√ the "rappel" banner, the reminder chirp condition should be true in the following condition:
	√ the buzzer switch must be OFF and NO vacuum ALARM is true. The same should go for the Main Controller. Whenever these condition become true, the first chirp should be heard.

√ are the Burglar settings on the AminPanel of the app persistent on the Main Controller?

√ When settings are saved on the App while the Main Controller is offline. How do we know when the settings are saved to the Main Controller or not?

√ The burglar alert on the app should look different from the vacuum alert.

√ the banners can cover the entire header of the main page, from the top of the page to below the wether widget where the horizontal line is.

√ Make all the banners at the top fade in and out like the burglar banner behaves.

√ Reminder Logic Contidions for true:
     √ Buzzer Switch needs to be OFF in all cases.
          √ vacuum switch OFF
          √ vacuum switch ON + Feedback (Green/Low)

√ When the banners fade in and out, can we have the fade with opacity 100% for 2 seconds, then when opacity is 0% stay for 1 second?	

√ On the Main Controller ( Arduino ) When a station with burglar alarm enabled goes from undetected ( GREEN / RED blinking ) to detected while the burglar alarm is active, the lepPairs should go from blinking GREEN/RED to blinking RED only. Currently when the burglar alarm is active, it is blinking GREEN/RED also, which is missleading.

√ The red label "OFFLINE time" should display time extended to days. Currently it stops at 99 minutes then displays >99. It would be great to keep the timer on for days.

√ The Lock Screen timer, before it locks should start from detecting inactivity from the user on the device. (e.g. if the mouse moves, the timer starts when the mouse or any other action occurring stops.)

√ Let's add 2 user setting for the disabled stations to toggle displaying the offline stations on/off
	√ setting 1: if the screen is large enough to show all of the stations without scrolling after resizing, but before rearranging the layouts, show/hide disabled stations
	√ setting 2: if the screen is too small to show all of the stations without scrolling after resizing, show/hide disabled stations

√ Main Controller - Slave Mode blinking GREEN -> let's remove the BUZZER and just keep the 2 Thermostat for the Blinking.

√ When resizing the StationCard and the card's title becomes 3 lines, the title gets stacked over the horizontal line. Can we fix this so the title doesn't get displayed over that horizontal line.

√ I would like to give the user to select between 2 languages ( French / English) for the UI. How should we go about this. I would need to verify each translations. What is the standard procedure for this type o implementation?

√ Station broadcast on different port.

√ Can we have the Disable / Enable station in AdminPanel propagate to the Main Controller's EEPROM like we did for the buzzer configuration?

√ On the Station Controllers, when changing stations with button on A7, we use to have a function that would automatically skip to the next station if another Station Controller on the network with the same station number was already present.

√ Where are the labels for the simulation saved? They don't seem to be saved currently. also clicking on return when the text input is in focus should automatically save the label for the relay.

√ To address the ST0 vacuum 1 & 2 relays having feedback from ST1, for each station relay, we should be able to assign a feedback from a selected station and an input number form 1 to 7

√ In Hardware Simulator, we should have the option to disconnect its virtual stations, which would make them disabled with the StationCard.

√ IN Hardware Simulator, the Stations should have a row for each relay:
     √ x ( Relay number 1 to 6 ) - Name of the device controled by the relay --- Input Feedback STx - input x ( Start at 1 to 7) --- Link icon --- switch if not linked.

√ Why is my session locking after a minute. I have the user setting "Session Timeout" set to 12 hours. Shouldn't it make the screen lock after 12 hours instead of a minute?

√ We need a setting in the user settings for automation timer. We should be able to set the duration of the timers used in the automations.

√ In Hardware Simulation, when starting a simulation, the StationCards should read the settings from the hardware simulation automatically at start, so that the unlinked feedback that are on are read as ON by the StationCards. Currently, for the Hardware simulator feedback switches that are ON, when starting the simulation, we have the turn them OFF, then back to ON for the StationCards to actually read them as ON.

√ We need to add the OFF Switches for the automations

√ We need the Shutdown Timer to be displayed while running.

√ When starting a Hardware simulation, the input feedback are coming from the Hardware Simulator. The user should be able to enable / disable sending the output ( relays ) state to the physical hardware along with the Hardware Simulator. If enabling sending to the physical hardware, then the user takes control, otherwise, if the user disables sending output configuration to the physical hardware outputs ( relays ), the system doesn't see the user taking control in Hardware Simulation.

√ If the user choose to enable the physical hardware outputs when starting Hardware Simulation, the user takes control. In this scenario, if another user or the Main Controller takes control, the user in Hardware Simulation losses control and the hardware simulation automatically disables sending output messages to the Physical hardware.

√ Make sure the Automation are available in Simulation Only AND in Live: Sending to Hardware.

√ When the automation is started, the user should be able to scroll all the way down so the bottom of the main page with the StationCards scroll up past the automation banner. Right now the furthest we can scroll, the last switches are hidden behind the automation banner. While the automation banner is fine the way it is, we need to scroll the main page further so that the lowest items of the main page are located above the automation banner so we can see them and interact with them.

√ Some files are getting too long and I'm getting a warning from Vite Server.

√ In hardware simulation we should be able to toggle the Buzzer switch and the 2 thermostat switches. We used to be able to, but currently clicking on them is not doing anything. Can you please fix it.

√ In Hardware Simulation, I want to remove the entire part where we can enable the physical hardware. When in Hardware simulation, the user should be entirely isolated from the rest of the physical hardware system. The only thing being controlled by the user in Hardware Simulation should be the Hardware Simulator and the only feedback the user in Hardware simulation is acknowledging are the feedbacks from the Hardware simulation. The StationCards enabled / disabled in Hardware simulation should be dictated by the Hardware simulation, not the physical system. The Hardware Simulation system should not affect the "regular" physical hardware network and its system, and the physical hardware network system should not affect the Hardware Simulation. They should be totally isolated. Please let me know you understand this request properly and if you have any questions, just ask them.

√ When a station is disconnected, it should automatically show as "disconnected" on the app independently to what the Main Controller knows and even if the Main Controller is not connected. Currently, I have no station connected and the Main Controller is not connected either and all the stations show as being connected and that is not what we want.

√ If there is a user who is in Hardware Simulation and another user wants to start a Hardware Simulation as well, should we have this user join the current hardware simulation or start a new instance of Hardware Simulator?

---

REQUESTED

- Where did we move the setting of the duration for the automation finish step timer?



---
NEXT

---

---


- The Server should read the state of the switches from whoever is in control and have its switches inherit of the state of the switches of whoever is controlling. It's not until the Main Station Reconnects and takes control that the Server takes the state of the Main Controller's switches. Currently, The Server keeps the state the Main Controller was in before being disconnected. We don't want that. We want the Server to take on the state of the switches changed by a user in control and keep it when the user releases control to the server.

---



---

- Can you explain why, on the Main Controller, when toggling ST3 switch [idx 15] ON, then within a fraction of second toggling the ST3 Vacuum switch [idx 14], the virtual switch ST3 vacuum [idx 14] stays in OFF position on the app

---


- MAYBE NOT ... Two or more users can be in Hardware simulator and each of them have their own instance of the Hardware Simulator independent one from the other.



---

- On the server, with pm2 status "watching" disabled, what does that mean? Should we enable that?




- Can you verify the hardware simulator did not affect any of the regular operations when the Simulation is stopped.

---

- AutomationModal.jsx background opacity and blur are not the standard for the app. Please set them to what we are using fo the other modals.

- The OFFLINE label on Station Cards is a bit too close vertically from "Station x" title. Can we add a tiny bit of bottom padding to it, or whatever is the best thing to do.

- ??? Fix the prompt ??? When toggling OFF the disabled station visibility, how can we bring Station Card up one row when possible?





---------------
---------------
NEED TO VERIFY WITH BUZZER

- Main Controller Buzzer - We need the sound period of the buzzer to start immediately when a reminder chirp or alarm conditions are set to output sound via D2.
	- When the buzzer switch is OFF or the alarm condition is false,  keep resetting the timer
	- When the buzzer switch is ON or the reminder chirp ( no alarm ) condition is false,  keep resetting the timer

- Main Controller - Buzzer sound interval ON ( When the Sound should come out to the Buzzer with its intervals of ON/OFF )
	- Alarm = BUZZER_ALERT_ON_MS 5000 --> #BUZZER_ALERT_OFF_MS 10000
		- Any Vacuum switch is ON, but their Feedback ledPairs are RED or blinking RED.
		- Thermostat switch for assigned station is ON AND the thermostat is active AND any of its assigned and enabled station's vacuum ledPair is RED or blinking RED.

	- Reminder Chirp = REMINDER_ON_MS = 500 --> REMINDER_PERIOD_MS = 300000
		(You forgot to include the ```#if BUZZER_REMINDER else if (!alert && !switchOn)``` section. I'm worried you may have forgotten other things now.)
		- None of the enabled station's vacuum light is flashing RED ( everything is ok and there is no ALARM or Alert) AND the buzzer switch is OFF. This is a reminder to turn the buzzer switch ON when all is working fine.

---


- On the App, the Buzzer sound interval is ON even after turning the buzzer switch OFF. In order for the alarm sound interval to be true, the following contidions need to be met:
	- A vacuum alarm needs be active and the Buzzer switch needs to be ON.

- the alarms should be based on the last read of a station. If a station triggers an alarm or alert, if a station gets disconnected, Main Controller and App consider the last state the station was in when it got disconnected and the alert, reminder and alarm 

- Main Controller - Buzzer
	- the timer to alternate sound ON and Sound OFF should reset at all pass until there is an actual alert or reminder live. This would allow the buzzer to be heard as soon as the condition becomes true.
	- Reminder chirp is not working when the buzzer switch is OFF and there is no alert active.
	




-------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
Debug



-------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------

NOTES

- Sharing a note or a Flash Memo should not use messages. Actually the Note feature should use the messages only when a user with "shared with" noted gets removed from a shared note or the note gets delete. Otherwise, ff there is a new note shared with a user and the user hasn't seen it, we'll use the badges on the messaging icon, then on the NOTES tab, then on the new note unseen ( un-opened ).

- when a user gets removed from the "Shared with" list, or the note gets deleted, they should receive a brief message in their dm from the creator of the app stating they have been removed.

- When a Flash Memo is sent to a user who is not logged in, The minute the user logs in, the Flash Memo should appear on their screen.

- In the NOTES tab, if a note creator edits a note, the users the note is shared with, should have a badge on it in the NOTES tab to indicate a change was made. We should use a different color than the "new unseen" badge. This badge is dismissed once the user sees it.


- post MVP: Pin notes at the top, order notes

-----------------------------------
MESSAGIN


-----------------------------------
AUTOMATION

- Can we have a toggle on Thermostat switches to allow the vacuum switches to also turn off if the thermostat feedback go red.

-----------------------------------
WEATHER



-----------------------------------
SERVER



- The admin should be able to update the Server and the React app from the app. Download the update first, then when verified, update the React app and / or the Server. Then reboot automatically.

- The server should be able to update itself

- Add a way in admin to backup the entire database. Also expert all message and other for all notes.


-----------------------------------
UX
- Is it possible for the app to be detect when the screen start to re-arrange the layout when the screen becomes too small to fit as intended. Before re-arranging the layout, reduce the size of the cards and elements to a certain point, then only after reducing the size of the components, then re-organize the layout, but before re-organizing the layout, hide the disabled stations to reduce clutter.





- When overing over a component, can we have a tiny comment or pop up explanation of the feature (e.g. overing over "Flash Message" -> pop-up content: Add this option to display the message in a big message viewer on the recipient's screen)


----
Now, I would like to to add in the AdminPanel a setting to make the Server either "headless" or whatever the setup we currently have is called, or in Kiosk mode with a screen attached. Can you please make a plan and evaluate the best way to accomplish this.
- Should the setting be automated when detecting a screen connection on the hdmi port and revert to the current setup when the screen gets disconnected, or it is better to have a setting in the AdminPanel to switch between modes?
- Do we need to have a setting for the display size or it is detected automatically.
- Should we keep it to 1080p resolution or should we have a setting for that?

-----------------------------------
NATIVE BROWSER ALERTS -> Should be Modal pop-up



-----------------------------------
LAYOUT




-----------------------------------
CONNECTION
- Using DHCP for IP assignment, Once the Server or the Main Controller ( Whoever acts as the DHCP Server ) detects a new station without IP, a valid IP is assigned to it and stored in server setting and in the Arduinos Persistent memory.

-----------------------------------
ARDUINO



- Verify the stations behaviors when disconnecting the Main Controller while the server is UP

- Alerts when a user has control should be sent to the Main Controller and its buzzer should be heard regardless of its buzzer switch position.
 
- POST MVP: We need a system to be able to upload a new firmware via the server. The server downloads the new firmware, then once downloaded and verified, upgrades the arduino board firmware.


IOS

- Since we can, we should implement app notification when an alert is triggered. Optionally SMS / Email as well as push notification

----
TESTING

- can we have a page that would simulate the 6 stations.
	- eat relays should be represented by an icon with animation to represent a relay ON and static when OFF. We could add a glow to it when ON. Could be a gear or else. Need to be obvious difference between ON/OFF
	- To simulate the feedback to the station, we would need toggles to toggle manually, so the user can simulate when the feedback on the action is negative.
	- We should have a toggle option to enable these feedbacks to be automatic or manual. If in automatic, the toggles are switching automatically on the UI. 



------------------------------------------------------------
- Cloudflare disable Dev mode: https://dash.cloudflare.com > Caching → Configuration


- Get an complete and updated "setup_db.js" file with all additions to the database.

- Can you give me a guide to fix a "Subnet Mismatch" if I do get that when I move to the another location.

- 
We need an automation system to empty the pipelines before they freeze:
Trigger Drainage of the pipes manually

1. Start all Transport Pumps ( 1sec Push Buttons ): idx 0, 1, 8, 12, 13
	- Trigger Manual or temp below x ˚C
	- Verify all vacuum switches are ON ledPair idx 2, 3, 9, 14 are GREEN -> alarm if any is ON with a RED light.

	Drain T2 ( Transport line 2 ST1 -> Cabane )
	- ST1 idx 5 OFF = Closing Valve T2 (Transport line 2 ST1 -> Cabane)
	- ST1 idx 6 ON = Drain Valve T2 -> ST1

2. Drain the transport line between ST2 and ST3
	- Trigger: When ledPair idx 12 and idx 13 are RED ( Transport Pumps stopped = low level of water in vacuum tank )
	
	Setup Valves to Drain the transport line between ST2 and ST3  
	- ST2 ledPair idx 8 is GREEN -> if not push ON (1 sec ) = Pompe Transport momentary ON ( 1 sec ) to make sure it is working
	- ST3 idx 15 ON = Drain Valve ST2 > ST3
	- ST2 idx 11 ON = Drain Valve ST3 > ST2

2. Drain the transport line between ST1 and ST2 + Close Drain valves for the transport line between ST2 and ST3
	- Trigger: When ST2 ledPair idx 8 is RED ( Transport Pumps stopped = low level of water in vacuum tank )
	
	Setup Valves to Drain the transport line between ST1 and ST2
	- ST1 ledPair idx 0 and 1 are GREEN -> if not push ON (1 sec ) = Transport Pump momentary ON ( 1 sec ) to make sure it is working
	- ST2 idx 10 ON = Drain Valve ST1 > ST2
	- ST1 idx 7 ON = Drain Valve ST2 > ST1

	Close Drain ST3 ( line should be empty by now )
	- ST3 idx 15 OFF = Drain Valve ST2 > ST3

	Close Drain ST1 T2 ( Line should be empty by now )
	- ST1 idx 6 OFF = Drain Valve T2 -> ST1

3. Drain the transport line between Cabane and ST1 + Close Drain valves for the transport line between ST1 and ST2
	- Trigger: When ST1 ledPair idx 0 and 1 are RED ( Transport Pumps stopped = low level of water in vacuum tank )
	
	Setup Valves to Drain the transport line between ST1 and ST2
	- ST1 idx 4 ON = Drain Valve T1 > ST1

	Close Drain ST2 ( line should be empty by now )
	- ST2 idx 10 and 11 OFF = Drain Valve ST2 > ST3

	- Set timer

4. Finish Drainage
	- Trigger: 15 min timer default adjustable in user settings or manual trigger

	Close Drain ST2 ( line should be empty by now )
	- ST1 idx 4 and 7 OFF = Drain Valve T1 > ST1 and ST2 > ST1

	Make sure thermometers are ON
	- Switches idx 22, 24 ON

	



ST3 S3>S3 ON + St2 S3>S2 + ST2 transport + st3 vacuum + ST1 T2 Ferme + T2 Vidange
- When ST2 Tranp stops
- Ferme St3 S3>S3 + St2 S3>S2 + ST2 transport
- ST2 S2>S1 + St1 St2>St1 + ST1 transport
- When ST1 Tranp stops = vide
- Fermer ST2 S2>S1 + St1 St2>St1 + ST1 transport
- St1 Cabane -> vid tuyau 2 + ST Trans 1
- When st1 trans 1 stops
- Vaccumm + vid t1

- Vacc stops at -2˚C



------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------
PRODUCTION
macOS: add Caddy root CA to Keychain → Always Trust


ON PI
sudo nano /etc/caddy/Caddyfile
Uncomment the app.cabanecontrol.com part

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------

Backup SD CARD

macOS Terminal:
ssh admin@cabane-server.local "sudo tar --xattrs --acls -cpf - \
  --exclude=/proc --exclude=/sys --exclude=/dev --exclude=/run --exclude=/tmp --exclude=/mnt --exclude=/media --exclude=/lost+found \
  / /boot" | gzip > pi-backup-$(date +%F).tar.gz


Restore to a new SD (bootable)
	1.	Flash Raspberry Pi OS to the new SD (Raspberry Pi Imager). Boot it once, enable SSH.
	2.	On the fresh Pi, restore your archive:

gzip -dc pi-backup-YYYY-MM-DD.tar.gz | sudo tar --xattrs --acls -xpf - -C /
sudo reboot

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------

TESTING APP
Let's say I want to create a station testing page to simulate the physical stations to demonstrate how the system works. How would you suggest we go about doing that.?

Can we create a separate "Station Test" React App simulating the 6 stations (including ST0), that the main app, with a "testing" user setting enabled, would emit the udp packets to the network as usual, but also to the "Station Test" app. This way, to demonstrate the system, we could use this app. The Testing app would send feedback, the same way the stations would when connected.

- It would be nice to have a logo representing the device each relay is controlling.
- For each relay, there is a feedback that can latch to the relay when the option is selected ( per relay ). If the latch is enabled. the feedback is set to on automatically when the relay is triggered, otherwise there's a manual toggle to send the positive feedback.
- It gets tricky for vacuum pump for ST0 as the Vacuum pumps are in ST0 for the feedback for these are on ST1.
- We also need the thermostat on ST0 and ST4 which can be a represented by a switch.
- We have the Burglar Alarm on ST2 and ST3 to trigger ST0 relay 4

---

Here's the list of the type of devices the relays control and their feedback

1 - Transport Pumps: Pumps that transport the maple sap from the pumping stations to the main building ( Cabane ). The Vacuum tanks where the maple water is collected has a sensor to stop the pump when the water level is too low ( tank is empty ), which turns the pump OFF and the other sensor turns the pump ON when the level of water is high enough to start sending the water to the main building. The push button on the main controller simulates the trigger high water lever to start the pump with a momentary On action. The pump stay on until there is no water in the tank. The feedback represents the pump ON ( GREEN ) or OFF ( RED ).

2 - Vacuum Pumps: The vacuum pumps create vacuum in the vacuum tanks which helps collecting the maple water from each tree via the pipeline. These pumps get turned on when the trees are producing maple water, which requires the outdoor temperature to be above freezing. These pumps get turned ON/OFF with a toggle switch  on the main controller and can be automated via a thermostat which, when enables, will turn the vacuum pumps on at a certain temperature. The feedback for these pumps are represent the vacuum in their vacuum tank, not the pump themselves. High vacuum ( GREEN ) or low vacuum ( RED ).

3 - Valves: Valves are 24vdc operated valves, each switch control one valves which send a voltage feedback to indicate if the valve successfully opened or is still closed. Their feedback represent valve open ( GREEN ) or valve closed ( RED ).

4 - Thermostat: These only send feedback so that when the Main Controller enables them and the temperature they read is above a set temperature, they override the vacuum switches of the Stations assigned to them. The feedback is temperature above threshold ( GREEN ) or temperature below threshold ( RED ).

5 - Burglar Alarms: These are also feedback only. A simple circuit open or closed that opens when the alarm is armed and a door gets opened, which opens the circuit and electric current stops flowing. So instead of a ledPair being controlled its a pin status getting changed. the basic concept is to replicate the electric circuit on another Station Controller. The way it is accomplished is that when the circuit is openned and the current stops flowing to GND, the pin becomes HIGH and the alarm, which sends the message to the Main Controller. The Main Controller receives the message and tells the Station Controller connected to the alarm to close the circuit and the alarm system does it alarm business.

---

Here's the list of the Relay and Feedbacks per stations

ST0
Relays
1 - ST1 Vacuum Pump 1
2 - ST1 Vacuum Pump 2
4 - Burglar Alarm output

Feedback
4 - Thermostat for overriding vacuum switches ST0, ST2, ST3


ST1
Relays
1 - Transport Pump 1
2 - Transport Pump 2
3 - Drain Valve T1 -> ST1
4 - Open Valve T2
5 - Drain Valve T2 -> ST1
6 - Drain Valve ST2 -> ST1

Feedback
1 - Transport Pump 1 
2 - Transport Pump 2
3 - Vacuum ST1 ( Feedback for Vacuum pumps 1 & 2 ST0 )
4 - Drain Valve T1 -> ST1
5 - Open Valve T2
6 - Drain Valve T2 -> ST1
7 - Drain Valve ST2 -> ST1


ST2
Relays
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Vacuum Pump
3 - Drain Valve ST1-> ST2
4 - Drain Valve ST3-> ST2
5 - Burglar Alarm Input

Feedback
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Vacuum Pump
3 - Drain Valve ST1-> ST2
4 - Drain Valve ST3-> ST2

ST3
Relays
1 - Transport Pump 1
2 - Transport Pump 2
3 - Vacuum Pump
4 - Drain Valve ST2-> ST3
5 - Burglar Alarm Input

Feedback
1 - Transport Pump 1
2 - Transport Pump 2
3 - Vacuum Pump
4 - Drain Valve ST2-> ST3

ST4
Feedback
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Vacuum Pump ST4 & ST5
3 - Drain Valve ST4

Feedback
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Vacuum Pump ST4 & ST5
3 - Drain Valve ST4
4 - Thermostat for overriding vacuum switches ST4 ( ST5 uses vacuum from ST4 )

ST5
Feedback
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Drain Valve ST5

Feedback
1 - Transport Pump
2 - Drain Valve ST5


------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------
FOR PRODUCTION

- Decouple the ST0 and ST1

After debugging:
services/logic_engine.js
function updateStationFeedback() -> comment out " 🛠️ DEBUG HACK: Force ST0 Online if ST1 is Online"

ALARME DU SYSTÈME
PERTE DE VACUUM DÉTECTÉ

RAPPEL
Le système est actif mais le buzzer est muet.
Veuillez activer l’interrupteur du buzzer.



<command 1>
</command 1>

<output 1>
</output 1>

---

<command 2>
</command 2>

<output 2>
</output 2>

---

<command 3>
</command 3>

<output 3>
</output 3>

---

<command 4>
</command 4>

<output 4>
</output 4>



<console>

</console>


<Debug Box>

</Debug Box>


<server.js terminal>

</server.js terminal>

---

In , why are we going from x line to x lines.


---

Can you please give me a detailed explanation of the work we did on this branch alone with a list of the files that were modified.

---

Here is the detailed summary of the work completed in another branch. Please read carefully, understand and update your knowledge with the updated files.

---

In the next few messages, I will give you the code for the new files or updated files. Please update your knowledge with these updates and work with these updates from now on. No need to respond, I will let you know when I'm done sending you the code with the keyword "finished".

---
<>
````Code
````
</

---

---

Please updated your knowledge. No need to reply. More files are coming.

---

I'm now finished giving you the file updates. Please let me know if you need to see any other files or if you have any questions. Do update your knowledge with the content of these files and let's carry on with these updates in mind.